c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.exe.config
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.exe
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.pdb
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\obj\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.exe
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\obj\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.pdb
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Memes\Dank_Meme1.jpg
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Memes\Dank_Meme2.jpg
c:\users\pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Memes\Dank_Meme3.jpg
C:\Users\Pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\obj\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Pure\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\Memes\CheckEm.jpg
C:\Users\Pure\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\Discord-Bot\BanterBotDiscord\bin\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.exe.config
C:\Users\Pure\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\Discord-Bot\BanterBotDiscord\obj\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.exe
C:\Users\Pure\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BanterBotDiscord\Discord-Bot\BanterBotDiscord\obj\Debug\BanterBotDiscord.pdb
